We are looking for entry-level Data Analyst who should be self-directed and will use their passion for big data and analytics to provide insights to the business covering a range of topics.


Hire Type: Full Time.

Role: Junior Data Analyst

Location: Chicago, IL

Employment Type: Hybrid/Remote

Work Authorisation: Any EAD (OPT, CPT, H4-EAD, etc.)

Salary: As per market standards (Negotiable)***

Contact Info: (307)- 316 - 7751.



About Us:

CodersData is a full-service placement firm servicing client in United States of America since the past decade. We are dedicated towards fulfilling the IT needs of our clients. From recruiting to full implementation of projects we provide the highest quality IT Services. We Intend to deliver exceptional student outcome. We don't just help you secure a tech job but build a solid career in technology.


Job Description:

The ideal candidate will use their passion for big data and analytics to provide insights to the business covering a range of topics. They will be responsible for conducting both recurring and ad hoc analysis for business users.


Responsibilities:

Analyse large and complex data sets to identify patterns, trends, and insights that drive business decision-making.
Develop and maintain interactive and visually appealing dashboards and reports using Tableau, Python, and other data visualisation and storytelling tools.
Collaborate with cross-functional teams to understand data requirements and translate them into actionable analytical solutions.
Communicate complex data findings and insights in a clear and concise manner to both technical and non-technical stakeholders.
Work closely with business leaders to define key performance indicators (KPIs) and create metrics-driven reports and visualisations to track business performance.
Conduct ad-hoc data analyses and deep-dive investigations to support business initiatives and answer critical business questions.
Mentor and provide guidance to junior data analysts, assisting them in developing their analytical and storytelling skills.
Stay updated with the latest trends and advancements in data visualisation techniques and tools.


Qualifications:

Relevant educational qualification or degree in Data analytics or Data Science or Statistics or Applied Mathematics or equivalent qualification. (Required)
Experience with Tableau. (Optional)
Familiar with Python, Big Data. (Optional)
Proficient in SQL.


Other Benefits:

Health Care Plan (Medical, Dental & Vision).
Visa Sponsorship
On Job Technical support
E- verified
2 weeks of Paid Time Off (Vacation or Sick).
Training & Development.


Candidate who are missing the required skills, might be provided an option to enhance their skills, so that they can also apply for the role and can make a career in IT industry.

Analytical Skills
Communication
Data Analysis
Data Analytics
Python (Programming Language)
Statistics
Analytical Solutions
Applied Mathematics
Mathematics
Teamwork