About the job
To get the best candidate experience, please consider applying for a maximum of 3 roles within 12 months to ensure you are not duplicating efforts.


Job Category


Operations


Job Details


About Salesforce


We’re Salesforce, the Customer Company, inspiring the future of business with AI+ Data +CRM. Leading with our core values, we help companies across every industry blaze new trails and connect with customers in a whole new way. And, we empower you to be a Trailblazer, too — driving your performance and career growth, charting new paths, and improving the state of the world. If you believe in business as the greatest platform for change and in companies doing well and doing good – you’ve come to the right place.


Customer Success Strategy & Operations team is looking for an operations Analyst role. This critical role provides data analysis, operational strategy, resource models and technology expertise to work with internal customer success groups to influence data-driven strategy decisions. This role is a hybrid of traditional jobs in strategic planning, strategy, business operations, reporting & analysis and requires a mix of market analysis and business operational support.


This is an individual contributor role focused on partnering with executives and cross-functional partners within Customer Success


Responsibilities


Work with executive leadership to define, launch, and drive both strategic and operational programs across Success roles, Offer Management, Renewals, Strategy & Operations functions in Customer Success


Identify the needs of the organization, continuously evaluate, optimize, and improve capacity planning processes and guidance putting the customer at the center of everything we do.


Lead multiple modeling / operational improvement projects and align with leadership, finance and delivery.


Structure and complete initiatives by developing work plans, gathering, and synthesizing relevant data, leading analyses, and developing final recommendations across the portfolio


Communicate results with executive leadership and the broader organization


Program management and coordination of top value creation initiatives


Collaborate with Strategy & Operations team members, functional leaders, and subject matter authorities


Support team and functional management including finance, location strategy, resourcing, recruiting, team development, and engagement


We are seeking an individual with drive, analytical ability, and strong interpersonal skills to join a world-class CS Strategy & Operations function in the worlds #1 cloud software company. All candidates need to display our core values and a steadfast approach to delivering outstanding outcomes.


Basic Qualifications


Degree or equivalent proven experience required. Experience will be evaluated based on the core competencies for the role (e.g. extracurricular leadership roles, military experience, volunteer roles, work experience, etc.)


5+ years of work experience in a Strategy & Ops technology company, management consulting firm, investment bank and/or private equity firm


Preferred Qualifications


Experience leading large cross-functional teams through change management programs


Ability to articulately present and debate recommendations at the executive level


Experience with enterprise software or SaaS strategy


Excellent communication and analytical skills with the ability to distill sophisticated thoughts and strategies into simple, actionable recommendations


Experience with SQL, Tableau and Salesforce reporting


High-energy, team-first attitude: Motivated to work hard in a fast-paced, constantly evolving environment to help our growing business


Accommodations


If you require assistance due to a disability applying for open positions please submit a request via this Accommodations Request Form.


Posting Statement


At Salesforce we believe that the business of business is to improve the state of our world. Each of us has a responsibility to drive Equality in our communities and workplaces. We are committed to creating a workforce that reflects society through inclusive programs and initiatives such as equal pay, employee resource groups, inclusive benefits, and more. Learn more about Equality at www.equality.com and explore our company benefits at www.salesforcebenefits.com.


Salesforce is an Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, age, marital status, protected veteran status, or disability status. Salesforce does not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes. Salesforce will not pay any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with Salesforce.


 Salesforce welcomes all.


For New York-based roles, the base salary hiring range for this position is $97,300 to $146,000.


For Colorado-based roles, the base salary hiring range for this position is $88,500 to $121,700.


For Washington-based roles, the base salary hiring range for this position is $88,500 to $133,800.


For California-based roles, the base salary hiring range for this position is $97,300 to $146,000.


Compensation offered will be determined by factors such as location, level, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. Certain roles may be eligible for incentive compensation, equity, benefits. More details about our company benefits can be found at the following link: https://www.salesforcebenefits.com.